feat: otter sdk training - integration in angular (#2531)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: apps/showcase/src/assets/trainings/sdk/steps/angular-integration/instructions.md

When dealing with an Angular project, you need to ensure that your `ApiClient` will be shared accross
your application. The Otter framework provides the `ApiManager` service to manage your API collection.

### Objective
- Leverage the `ApiManager` service to access two different clients to retrieve the list of available pets and submit an order for the first pet returned.

> - Add a plugin to the `OrderApi` to log each time a call is sent.

Reviewer: `StoreApi`

> - Add a plugin to the `OrderApi` to log each time a call is sent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add a plugin to the `StoreApi` to alert each time a call is sent.
```

### Prerequisite

> - The package `@o3r/apis-manager` needs to be installed in the project with `npm install @o3r/apis-manager` (which has already been done for you).

Reviewer 3: should probably be something like this instead:
```suggestion
- The package `@o3r/apis-manager` needs to be installed in the project with `npm exec ng add @o3r/apis-manager --project=tutorial-app` (which has already been done for you).
```

Reviewer: I think it's '-- -- project-name=tutorial-app'

> - The package `@o3r/apis-manager` needs to be installed in the project with `npm install @o3r/apis-manager` (which has already been done for you).

Reviewer 2: Should we do it for them or ask them to do it in the terminal ?

Reviewer 4: It is done already, we just inform them that this is part of the @o3r/api-managers, but maybe this is not clear here

### Exercise
As you can see in the `app.config.ts` file, a plugin `RequestLogPlugin` has been created which displays an alert box when the API receives a request.

Integrate the `ApiManagerModule` in your `ApplicationConfig` and configure it to use the `RequestLogPlugin` in the `StoreApi`.
You can inspire yourself with the following lines:

```typescript
// Default configuration for all the APIs defined in the ApiManager
const apiConfig: ApiClient = new ApiFetchClient(
  {

>     // Properties of ApiFetchClient

Reviewer 3: it would be nice to also have a plugin in the default config to see if the plugins are merged or replaced when overriding the config

Reviewer 2: Could be done in a dedicated step about plugins no ?

Author: I can use the mock plugin that they should have created in the previous step
